I already mentioned that angular thinks in components, that components are one of these crucial things
you have to understand when working with angular.
Essentially you compose an entire page of these components,
you build it with these components because the advantage of this is that you have small, easily to maintain
and manage building blocks for your UI which you can even reuse because some components appear more
than once on a page.
Now here's a screenshot from the official angular.io page and we can easily deconstruct this into different
components to understand this way of thinking in components. We could think of having a header, a brand
and some feature component,
so three sections of the page which are kind of independent from each other and which we can define
in their own components so that we can easily manage the code for that given part of the page
but we can and we should be even more granular than that.
We can clearly identify some navigation items in the header and our search and even in the navigation
items, we could argue that each navigation item on its own is its own component.
Now you can of course go as granular as you want,
it probably doesn't make sense to wrap a single html element into its own component, at least in most
cases but if you got a certain part of your UI that really is decoupled from other elements on the UI
and that probably also contains some logic, like the search here,
it definitely has some logic like type ahead or filtering or showing some preview,
so if you get that, then you want to put it into its own component so that you can easily manage the code
and possibly reuse it,
that search could be used in other parts of the application too
and we can also do that here for the bottom of this screen shot in the feature component.
Now this could be all in one component but maybe we even split that up a bit more because we might want
to reuse that image, maybe it contains some logic for lazy-loading the image and we want to use that on other
parts of the page too.
So as you can see, you can go very granular and you probably already knew that if you worked with angular
before and we will go granular in this course too, we will build our mean stack application, the frontend
of it,
we will build that with a lot of angular components.
So let's get started writing some code
and let's dive into that component world.